# Heading: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.

This is just some text to test gemini clients. See:

=> gemini://geminiprotocol.net/docs/specification.gmi Project Gemini → 5 The text/gemini media type
=> gemini://geminiprotocol.net/docs/gemtext-specification.gmi Gemini hypertext format, aka "gemtext", specification

Why is the content type text/gemini and not text/gemtext?
We have text/html served over http, not text/http.

```label
some
  preformatted
    text
  ```
still
  preformatted
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.
```

## Subheading: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.

### Subsubheading: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.

###I Don't Think This Should Be a Heading But It Is.

#### I Don't Think This Should Be a Heading But It Is.

> quote line 1: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.
>quote line 2: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.


* item 1: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.
* item 2: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, qui minim labore adipisicing minim sint cillum sint consectetur cupidatat.

*not an item

This is inconsistent. Items need a space after the marker, but headings, quotes and links don't.


=> /test.gmi internal link
=> gemini://bisse.nl/ 2023-09-23, external link without a date
=> https://bisse.nl/ 1800-01-01 foreign link with date
=> mailto:someone@example.com 2000-22-31 foreign link with invalid date

For dates, see:

=> gemini://geminiprotocol.net/docs/companion/subscription.gmi Subscribing to Gemini pages

Some text 1999-12-31 with no particular date

 # not a heading
 ## not a heading
 ### not a heading
 * not an item
 > not a quote
 => gemini://example.com not a link

```
    A
# not a heading
    B
* not an item
    C
> not a quote
    D
> gemini://example.com not a link
    E
this block isn't closed yet
    F
